Update README.md (#81)
dashpay/platform-tui: README.md

# Dash Platform Terminal User Interface

The Dash Platform Terminal User Interface (TUI) is a Rust-based user interface for interacting with Dash Platform in the terminal. Its purpose is to enable users to perform all actions permitted by Dash Platform, which, broadly speaking, means broadcasting state transitions and querying the network.

> The TUI can connect to any instance of a Dash Platform network, including the mainnet, testnet, devnets, and local networks. The main Install section of this readme covers connecting to mainnet and testnet, with a brief explanation of how to connect to a local network to follow. Check out the TUI documentation [here](https://docs.dash.org/projects/platform/en/1.0.0/docs/tutorials/tui/index.html), and for further steps on running strategy tests, read [Paul DeLucia's guide](https://www.dash.org/blog/strategy-tests-usage-guide/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The TUI can connect to any instance of a Dash Platform network, including the mainnet, testnet, devnets, and local networks. The main [Install section](#install) of this readme covers connecting to mainnet and testnet, with a brief explanation of how to connect to a local network to follow. Check out the [TUI documentation](https://docs.dash.org/projects/platform/en/stable/docs/tutorials/tui/index.html), and for further steps on running strategy tests, read [Paul DeLucia's guide](https://www.dash.org/blog/strategy-tests-usage-guide/).
```

git clone https://github.com/dashpay/platform-tui.git
```

Open the TUI repo in your terminal

```shell
cd rs-platform-explorer`

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open the TUI repo in your terminal:

```shell
cd rs-platform-explorer
```
```

> Install Rust if you don't already have it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install Rust if you don't already have it:
```

* Refresh the wallet balance.
* If your wallet is not yet funded, you'll need to send it some Dash before you can register an identity. After sending funds, you'll need to refresh the wallet balance again until the funds appear.
* Now go back to the Main screen and then to the Identities screen.
* Here, you can either load an existing identity if you have its ID and private keys, or register a new one.
* If you register a new one, fund it with 0.01 DASH. This should be more than enough to register a (uncontested) DPNS username. The private keys of the newly created identity will be logged to `platform-tui/supporting_files/new_identity_private_keys.log`. Be sure to save a copy of that file somewhere safe.
* After registering or loading an identity, refresh the identity balance until you see the funds appear.
* Now, you can register a DPNS username for the identity.

> * After registering the username from the Identities screen, you can navigate back to the Main screen, then the DPNS screen, and from there, query the names for the selected identity, and you should see the name there that you just registered, fetched from the Dash Platform state.

Reviewer: A little tough to digest as a single sentence
```suggestion
* After registering the username from the Identities screen, you can navigate back to the Main screen, then the DPNS screen. From there, query the names for the selected identity, and you should see the name you just registered, which is fetched from the Dash Platform state.
```
